Updated permissioning overview for onchain account permissioning (#1643)
PegaSysEng/pantheon: docs/Permissions/Permissioning-Overview.md

    
    Pantheon also implements [privacy](../Privacy/Privacy-Overview.md).
    
## Node Permissioning 

Use node permissioning to restrict access to known participants only. 

![Node Permissioning](../images/node-permissioning-bad-actor.png)

## Account Permissioning 

Use account permissioning: 

* Enforce onboarding or identity requirements
* Suspend accounts
* Blacklist broken contracts 
* Restrict the actions an account can perform 

![Account Permissioning](../images/account-permissioning.png)

## Specifying Permissioning 

Permissioning is [local](#local) or [onchain](#onchain).

### Local 

[Local permissioning](Local-Permissioning.md) is specified at the node level. Each node in the network has a [permissions configuration file](#permissions-configuration-file).

Local permissioning affects your node but not the rest of the network. Use local permissioning to restrict use 
of your node (that is, the resources under your control). For example, customers that can access your node. 

Local permissioning doesn't require co-ordination with the rest of the network and you can act immediately to

> protect your node. Your rules are not enforced in new blocks. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
protect your node. Your rules are not enforced in blocks produced by other nodes. 
```

Author: Fixed
